fix(readme): add details about the warning method in overview (#3)
eve-autonomy/ad_sound_manager: README.md

This node selects both a recorded voice and BGM depending on a state of whole system which combined the Autoware and a vehicle. <br>
This node plays sound in the following order of priority.
1. Alert people around the ego vehicle by `voice alarm` once before the ego vehicle departs.<br> The ego vehicle will not depart until the alert is complete.
1. Keep alerting obstacles around the ego vehicle by `voice alarm`.
1. Keep alerting obstacles in the ego vehicle's path by `voice alarm`.

> 1. Notify the cargo receiver by `voice alarm` once that the ego vehicle has arrived.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Notify the cargo receiver by one time `voice alarm` that the ego vehicle has arrived.
```

1. Keep informed by `voice alarm` that the ego vehicle is avoiding obstacles.
1. Keep informed by `voice alarm` that the ego vehicle is turning left or right.
1. Keep requesting an departure permit by `voice alarm` for on-demand delivery.
1. Keep alerting people around the ego vehicle by `bgm` while driving.

> 1. Notify operator by `voice alarm` once that the system has booted successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Notify operator by one time `voice alarm` that the system has booted successfully.
```
